# Calorie Tracker
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/QY_oQcNXyS8>
#### Description:
This is a website that tracks your calorie intake for fitness. You will be first introduced on a login page then you can log in or register if registering you will have to write a username and write your password twice. If correct then you will be redirected to the login page. Once logged in you will be introduced to the index page where you will see your age, height, weight and calorie intake. If you would like to change your values you can change them by going to the update page. The update page will ask for your details then once updated it will take you to the index page. Finally, you have a logout button to logout. My project uses python, HTML, CSS, and SQL. The SQL stores all login details and values using two tables called users and orders. App.py is the main part of the program where all the functions are created. The templates folder contains all the HTML files which are the different web pages with the layout.html as the design of the page with the nav bar at the top. The static folder contains just my CSS file which gives the design of the page. The register part of my program checks whether the password and confirmation are the exact same if so it will store the username and password in the SQL table. Two usernames cannot be the same they have to be different. When storing the password it will be turned into a hash so the password is secured. When logging on the username you typed will then be searched on the table and the password will be converted into a hash to then see if they match. If they match it will log you in or else will display an error message. The index page goes into the orders table to grab all the values you have typed in so that then it can render the HTML. You will then see all the values you typed in. The update page, when putting the values in the program will then update the orders table with what you have written down. The layout page has a nav bar so that all parts of the program can be accessed easily which helps the program to be more user-friendly before login the nav bar only displays login and register. However, after login, the nav bar displays logout, index, and update. This will be the layout of all the pages so that confusion does not happen. With all the input parts of the page, I gave them names so that users will know what to put in them, and numeric ones I made it so that only numbers can be written on them. This helped as if no numeric characters were written the program will not be able to run. I made every user have a session so that they did not have to log on again if they had forgotten their passwords. This made the the users have a better experience so that users will stay on for longer.